README.md, before:

# ErkjbroTech

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx; a Smart, fast, and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

### Sites for ErkjbroTech (currently hosted on Amplify)

- [Production](https://erikjbrown.tech)
- [Staging](https://dev.erikjbrown.tech)

Currently, this site is in development to make use of Nx, Vite, and Styled Components.
I've been working with mostly Python for 2022, so I'm trying to modernize my approach
for frontend tooling and try out some different design patterns in the process.

## Development server

Run `nx serve erkjbro-tech` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Understand this workspace

Run `nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

Commit message:

Documentation updates for a changelog and the workspace graph

README.md, after:

# Erik J Brown - Portfolio Site 

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx; a Smart, fast, and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

### Sites associated with this project (currently hosted on Amplify):

- [erikjbrown.tech](https://erikjbrown.tech) for production
- [dev.erikjbrown.tech](https://dev.erikjbrown.tech) for staging

Currently, this site is in development to make use of Nx, Vite, and Styled Components.
I've been working with mostly Python for 2022, so I'm trying to modernize my approach
for frontend tooling and try out some different design patterns in the process.

## Development server

Run `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Understand this workspace

Run `nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

![A beautiful graph of the project structure!](/docs/graph.png "Nx Workspace Graph")

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.
